Document use of 'compliance' stage by Cloud SDK pipeline (#2020)
SAP/jenkins-library: documentation/docs/pipelines/cloud-sdk/configuration.md

Note, the available configuration options can be found in the related [step documentation](https://sap.github.io/jenkins-library/steps/npmExecuteLint/#parameters).

> ### compliance

Reviewer: in the long term we should probably get rid of those sub-sections and move content into the stage docs itself, I guess. should be fine for now to leave it here

> The stage `compliance` currently executes [SonarQube](https://www.sonarqube.org/) scans.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The stage `compliance` executes [SonarQube](https://www.sonarqube.org/) scans, if the step [sonarExecuteScan](https://sap.github.io/jenkins-library/steps/sonarExecuteScan/) is configured.
```
